• How the model was constructed:
– description of the algorithms used and how they were implemented in python,
– clarity of the program(s), are there appropriate comments, is it easy to use?
– demonstrate how you can start with simple models and work up to more complex
and better performing models,
– analyse of performance and comparison. (60%)
• Any possible visualisation that could be used to help the client understand the model
better. (Remember the client is not necessarily an AI/Data Science expert!) (20%)
• Analyse of the data, can you make any recommendations to the client? (20%)







Multiple Linear regression (MLR):
a statistical modelling approach that could be used type for predictive analysis, like simple linear regression (SLR) is used to show relationship
between values of a dataset. Unlike SLR, which shows between two variables, MLR tends to use more than 
one independent variable hence showing relationship between multiple independent variables against a targeted point
 or column of interest



Data preprocessing this invovles 
1. importing useful libraries such as numpy, pandas matplotlib,seaborn, and sklearn,
2. importing the dataset under consideration.
3. Data Cleaning which invloves removing of duplicates, replacement of missing values or removal of affected rows if any.
4. Data conversion in case of categorical values
5. Scaling in case where values are eitehr too large or far appropriate.
StandardScaler in scikit library, readjust the distribution to have a mean value 0 and standard deviation of 1
6. Splitting dataset into train and test sets. Selecting at random, the dataset can be
be divided in ratio usually with test set taking 0.2-0.33 of the dataset while 
the rest, train set is used in training the model.

Fitting MLR to the Training set and Predicting the Test set results:
1.  The dataset is divided between test and train in the ratio 1 to 5 to afford more data point for train considerating the data size.
2. varying the random state has little effect on the r2-score, best at around 10, hence it can be said that they are closely related
3. Using scikit package, linear least-squres regression line is being fitted to the training data then used to predict target values for the test set.


Data Analysis:
1. the coefficient shows the relationship of individual independent variable to the target. Only 7 of the independent variables are negatively related to the target i.e. price.
2. An accuracy of 71% was observed 


***
repeating d same analyse without least gives better Result

Result Interpretation:

Suggestion/Conclusion:
prediction